0 so eh I suppose just kind of on the train of what I the train of thought that I had 
1 there I have a couple 
2 other things that I will talk about but first of all 
3 eh. what I was saying there about having weapons on my body and all that kind of stuff I was going to follow up with the joke of like my hands are lethal weapons 
4 so I had to like so I can not get rid of all the weapons that are on me. but that is actually it is it is actually really interesting that that is a myth that still is perpetuated by people in some cases like like eh. I remember once I was at this dinner party talking to somebody who just could not 
5 stop telling me about all this ridiculous stuff that they had done which most of which was probably made up. but they were just telling me all this stuff they are saying like oh yeah I used to date this guy who eh like you know he did you know he was an actual black belt in karate. so whenever he whenever somebody like mess with him in a bar and like there is something wrong 
6 if like 
7 you 
8 are a skilled martial 
9 artist. and like confrontations with people still get up to the stage where they are physical like so I think like maybe there is something wrong there if you are like that kind of person where all of a sudden you seem to be getting into fights. because the thing is if like if everybody seems to want to fight you maybe you are the problem maybe that maybe it is coming from you but like eh. she was saying like oh yeah I used to date this guy who was a black belt in karate and like you know it is you know 
10 you probably have to do that as well when when 
11 somebody you know eh comes up to you you have to warn them say. look 
12 I am warning you 
13 I can not like I eh I am trained to use my body as a weapon therefore if you are going to confront me. I eh or whatever like I am legally obligated to tell you that you are putting your own self in at risk and just all this crap. and it like that is such a big thing like there were so many people that still think the like that 
14 that still think that like oh when you get to a certain level of martial arts like. you actually have to register your hands or your feet or whatever you have to register your body as a lethal weapon that you carry around with you. which of course is absolutely not true eh because no matter how skilled you are you could just get knocked out 
15 in the street. because guess what it is not like you are holding a gun your hands are not going to like stop a like bottle being smashed over your head. or stop somebody from getting a lucky punch in that just happens to knock you out at the right time like that can happen. like your odds are better in a fight if you are like a skilled martial artist but the thing is is that like you know you know bad is the you know bad luck still happens no matter how skilled you are. like you could be you could be like a really really experienced like UFC fighter or whatever and you can still like act like have somebody just like that just like. does this and just somehow manages to catch you at the right time and you just you go down it can happen eh. it is crazy like it is crazy 
16 like 
17 how 
18 different 
19 it is like being trained or training and. eh then like and see and still 
20 it it it is it is crazy being trained and then eh 
21 seeing the way people still interact with each other. in like like say on the street or whatever or like when people like when people get into fights who clearly are not trained. it is so weird seeing like all these people of these different things that like I saw this in a movie this is how you do it or like oh this is the manly way to attack somebody or something like that. or like this is how you do it where like like I saw like this one thing a couple of years ago where like it was Halloween night you know of course. because like who like when else is are people going to be absolute idiots like for hours on end. but like I was walking down the street 
22 in this like tiny kid well he was not a kid I mean I do not know like he was an adult but like he like. he like went up to somebody who is like this tall and whatever and like there was some sort of argument I think it was something about like are you look good on my girlfriend are you eh and it was all this kind of stuff. it was like funny and the other guy was just like no I am going home with my girlfriend and like having a good night good evening to you sir I will leave you alone. and he was kind of just going like leave me alone and then there is but like this kid just got to just like you know. because it is weird that is that is a culture like some people actually go out looking just to fight people and like. like I remember being like I remember being young and stupid and going like oh I like the feeling of a 
23 fight because hey like I like the physical context contest kind of thing. but like I never liked the kind of just going up to somebody and being aggressive like that was so weird like like it is such a weird thing that people like want to do. like oh I want to go on and find somebody and hurt them for no reason eh I do not know for different people have different motivations for why they do stuff. but it was so crazy like this kid like like just took off his shirt was like eh. it was the middle of Token Q it was October like it is freezing why would you take off your shirt and your also like a really like you are. there is nothing impressive about taking off your shirt if you are also like some like pasty white skinny kid from Dublin going. oh I am going to fucking yeah and like sorry for swearing eh like is that okay it is okay grand eh and like he eh. and this guy was just like okay leave me alone and he kept bugging him so the guy like turned around and like went eh and like pushed him off and went okay grand. and you thought that they were settled because the other guy like ran away so it was like okay that is that I am going to turn around now and go. out of nothing the kid just God just like ran and like sprinted up and like hit him in the back of the head he was like. what the hell and then he like ran after him eh and then the kid ran away again and then they go and okay I think that is it. like he came back and just kept hitting and it was just like it is ah do not understand like I eh. luckily some other peoples came and stepped in but I was very close to to getting involved. 
24 but my 
25 friend 
26 was telling me not to because that is generally dangerous and you should never do that. eh but you know it is kind of like it is my instinct I hate doing that I hate seeing that. but like eh 
27 but you know it is so weird how like people have like different approaches to like like what fighting is and things like that. like I like there is so many people that still think that Kung Fu is a real thing even like my own brother who like he is quite well educated about like athleticism. and like and Sport and all this kind of thing but like I watched a kung fu movie with him which was you know it was fun it was eh. oh what is it called eh oh it is that really it is a really really famous One. ip man yeah ip man and it is it is really really good you you can find it on Netflix eh and it is it is a really funny kung fu movie. or like it is a really good Kung Fu movie by like this really gentle guy you know the classic like gentle Master thing and he is like unbeatable like Wing Chun Kung Fu eh. but like I had to I remember having to actually tell my brother after the film my brother like 
28 I had to actually explain to him like no no dude like that is not how martial arts work. none like Kung Fu is not a it is not going to help like it is not a real fighting martial arts like martial art. some of the basics some of the like the real base stuff they are really good like they are useful that has the same kind of like some of the basic movements they they have 
29 a good foundation. but then there is just so much pageantry so much bullshit if you do not mind me saying built on top of it where there is like all this weird stuff. where like you see instructors like you can find eh eh there is an Instagram called dumbass martial arts where there is so many people who like who have like all this Kung Fu stuff and like. it is so weird because like it looks flashy 
30 it looks really good and that is the whole point is like the whole thing about 
31 Kung Fu especially like Shaolin Kung Fu is that all these patterns and movements. which you know feel good and they feel like in the whole like Qi thing I mean I do not believe in the concept of Qi but like it is definitely. like the movement of your own mental energy or your own kind of 
